
Ground rules in handling variety of input devices in VisNow:

0.  There can be multiple pointer devices plugged to the computer. 
    VisNow should be able to each of them for scene manipulation.

1.  In each Viewer3D window the user may use (e.g. for scene manipulation) *at the same time* 
    as many devices connected to his computer, as he wants. 
    
Motivation: The same situation would occur when several mices are connected. Then each of them works
            and no one bothers about that :) So it's a user's responsibility to attach to the 
            Viewer3D window only those devices that are needed. He can always detach a device from
            the Viewer3D.

2.  Devices with force feedback may be linked with *at most* one Viewer3D window at the same time.
    If user wants to use it in another Viewer3D window, he must detach the device from the 
    currently used Viewer3D and attach to the new one. This will avoid situations when switching 
    between Viewer3Ds will result in a sudden change of haptic force and possible user injuries.
    
    It was not decided yet whether passive devices also can be used only at most in one Viewer3D or 
    not, and if used only in one, whether it should always be active in a currently active Viewer3D
    (so a Viewer3D with a passive device attached will be changed each time when focus changes)
    or in a manually chosen Viewer3D.

3.  Each device has its own 3D cursor (Pointer3DViewBehavior ?), which is painted in the Viewer to 
    which the device is attached.

4.  On scene rotation e.g. by mouse, when a cursor of a Phantom device is also available, it *stays*
    in the same point of the scene (Phantom coordinates are rotated along with scene rotation). 
    Orientation of Phantom cursor arrow remains *unchanged* (parallel to the physical arm of Phantom).

    After such rotation moving a Phantom in any direction acts in the same way as previously:
    moving it forth / right / up *still* makes a 3D cursor arrow in the screen go forth / right / up.
    That means that Phantom uses screen coordinates.

5.  There should be available a list of pointer devices connected to the computer.

6.  Each device has its own set of forces. That means that two haptic devices connected to the same  
    Viewer3D can react in a completely different way.

